Congratulations! On behalf of the Admissions Committee, I am honored to offer you admission to the Class of 2021 at Dartmouth College. You offered an impressive application for us to consider, and I invite you to begin study with our faculty of Arts and Sciences next September.

Your admission to the College reflects our confidence in your outstanding record of academic and personal achievement. You will add an important voice to Dartmouth's classrooms and undergraduate community, and we are excited to welcome you to the College on the Hill as we begin our 248th academic year next fall.

Our offer of admission is made with the expectation that you will maintain the level of academic and personal excellence that characterized your candidacy. Accordingly, we will carefully review your performance during the remainder of your senior year, and we ask that your final grades be forwarded to the Office of Admissions as soon as they become available but no later than June 30.

As you consider your enrollment decision, please visit us in Hanover. Two on-campus programs have been scheduled to offer you another look at the College on the Hill. During "Dimensions of Dartmouth," you can attend classes as well as special faculty presentations, explore the full range of academic and social opportunities, and meet students and faculty members. And of course, it is also an opportunity to meet the "21s" who will share your college years in Hanover. The Admitted Students web page and the Class of 2021 Facebook group are also valuable resources for you to explore as you learn more about life as a Dartmouth student.

To confirm (or decline) your place in our Class of 2021, please complete our online enrollment form at https://apply.dartmouth.edu/status by May 1. Rather than a deposit of money, it is the integrity of your (electronic) signature that holds your place in our entering class. In the meantime, please contact us if we can be of any help to you as you consider our offer. You can reach us weekdays at (603) 646-2875.

Congratulations again on your acceptance to the Class of 2021. Welcome to Dartmouth!

Sincerely,

Lee Coffin
Vice Provost for Enrollment and Dean of Admissions and Financial Aid
Dartmouth College