I am writing to inform you that the Committee on Admissions and Financial Aid cannot at this time make a final decision on your application for a place in next year's entering class. However, because of your outstanding achievements and promise, the Committee has voted to place your name on a waiting list of men and women for whom we hope places may become available later.

This year, more than thirty-nine thousand students applied for admission to the entering class. There were many more candidates of unusual ability and promise than we were able to admit. Of those strong applicants, the Committee has selected a group to comprise a waiting list. The waiting list is not ranked. If spaces become available, the Committee will reconvene to reconsider all those candidates on the waiting list. Usually about two-thirds of the students offered places on the waiting list choose to remain active candidates.

We recognize that you must make plans at another college while you await our final decision. Please be assured that all colleges will understand your situation and that we will proceed as quickly as possible to reach a decision. Normally, most waiting list decisions are made by the end of May and all are completed by the end of June. To help expedite the process please reply to our offer by May 1.

We hope you will decide to remain a candidate. Over the years, some of our very best students have been admitted from our waiting list.

If you decide to accept our offer of a place on the waiting list, please feel free to send additional information that would be helpful to your candidacy using the Applicant Status Portal. If you are applying for financial aid, be assured that financial aid is fully available for students admitted from the waiting list. Please consult our website for further information.

Again, please accept our congratulations on your outstanding achievements. Whatever your decision may be, you have our best wishes for every future success.

Sincerely,

William R. Fitzsimmons
Dean of Admissions and Financial Aid